Administrative meeting
Unit introduction

Gonna talk about all of the projects we might do

Starting with technical foundation

There's 3 modules

24 credits
8 required
Can do 2 projects

B-CPP-500: Advanced C++ (8 credits)
B-DEV-500: App. Dev. (8 credits)
B-FUN-500: Func. Prog. (8 credits)

There's little chance unless you do a great project that you get the 8 credits in a single project
Maximum credits from this is 16 credits

R-Type (C++)

R-Type is a C++ project with 2 defenses
4 to 5 people
Network game with two binaries, one server and one client
The server must be able to handle several games in a row
The R-Type bases its project mainly on the architecture, there is a big focus on the design pattern in CPP, especially the ECS

R-Type is a multiplayer game with network
2D with 

Must make an ECS (Entity Component System)

Can get 3 credits on the first defense w.r.t. architecture, handling of branches and PRs, handling of packaging
Will also be graded on the first version of the project

3 credits on something idk

Last 2 credits are if you make a great project and get before the national committee

The project must be cross-platform

No idea if getting extra credits is particularly hard rn although there's gonna be a meeting about this

Something w.r.t. all the projects is that if you didn't get your credits from this project then you can't get them anymore

Defense #1: 2 cred. Prototype, 1 cred. Software Engineering
Defense #2: 2 cred. Product, 1 cred. Software Engineering 
Bonus: 2 cred.





AREA project

Group size: 4-5
Defense count: 3

Action.. reaction ?

- User management
- Connecting to services using APIs
- Action and REAction of said services
- Trigger management (i.e. say, trigger actions like sending mail when someone sends a tweet relating to you)
- Project management
- Planning


2 month project

Oriented towards web development along with mobile stuff

3 parts, backend, web app and mobile app (apk, Android)

Getting the app to work on iOS is completely a bonus

Defense #1:
- 1 cred. Planning
Defense #2:
- 1 cred. Prortype; 1 cred. Project management
Defense #3:
- 2 cred. Final product; 1 cred. Project management
Bonus: 2 cred.

Is language free ? Pretty much, although with a few restrictions and encouragements (not gonna help with shit like Flutter)
Would C# be fine ? Ye, although JS is far more recommended (probably use React on the frontend, Node on the backend). For mobile you probably want to be using Kotlin or Flutter or [inaudible] native
How is correction handled, is it all 100% manual ? The mouli just tests that it builds under Docker, nothing is tested automatically apart from the build
If we do this project we MUST NOT FUCK UP PROJECT MANAGEMENT, if someone shows up asking for separate notation everyone is mega fucked. Kaben handles pretty much all of this






GLaDOS

Group size: 4-5
Defense count: 2

Your language ?
- Developing a compiler/interpereter
- Getting started with parsing
- Create a language
- Be able to run it or make a binary
- CI/CD and Testing Pipeline

Defense #1:
- 2 cred. Prototype; 1 cred, Testing/CI/CD
- 2 cred. Product; 1 cred, Testing/CI/CD
Bonus: 2 cred,





This project is a lot more made to handle testing infrastructure.
The core goal of the project is creating a language that we can parse and interpret.
Very important thing is setting up a dev environment, i.e. very important part is the CI


We will really have to learn how to design a language, make ASTs and things like that

First part is pretty much entirely setting up the dev environment and learning how to parse shit with Haskell
Second part is actual language design where we must make up a new language



We really need to show up to all the kickoffs


2 groups and a half on the CPP
1 group for FUN
2 groups for AREA

These were the 3 projects of the technical foundation
Probably people will get at most 8 to 10 credits





Technical Supplement

Credits available: 10
Credits required: 2

B-AIA-500: Artificial Intelligence (2 credits)
- Gomoku, game consisting in creating an AI for Go

B-MAT-500: Mathematics (3 credits)
- 301dannon, 302separation, ..., 309pollution

B-FUN-500: Advanced Security (2 credits)
- Chisel, is on TryHackMe

B-AIA-500: Advanced DevOps (3 credits)
- Bernstein, Whanos





Innovation

Credits available: 27
Credits required: 13

B-EIP-500: EIP validation (1 credit)
- EIP - Choice

B-MOO-500: Innov. - Moonshot (3 credits)
- Moonshot part. 1, Moonshot part. 2

B-MOO-501: Innov. - Improve (2 credits)
- Sprint Desirability, Viability, Faisaibility

B-MOO-502: Innov. - Make (3 credits)
- Forward, E2

B-PRO-500: Part-time Job (7 credits)
B-INN-500: Hub Innovation (3, 5, 8 credits)
G-CUS-00x: Kyt / Cat (2 credits)
G-JAM-001: JAM(1) (1 credit)


Can't possibly get all the credits considering the Part-time job and the 8 hub credits
B-MOO-501 should be somewhat easy normally, some small work like knowing how to do a bit of marketing, market studies, etc. and things like that

9 credits are basically guaranteed (the EIP stuff)

What time is the objective for the Hub set ? Not known right now, will be known on Monday






Soft Skills

Credits available: 4
Credits required: 3

B-PCP-000: PCP Development (2 credits)
- Activities

B-PRO-510: Professional Comm. (2 credits)
- Devil's avocate, 3 emails, The Geek Magazine






Honorable mentions:

Credits available: 12 

B-ANG-001: English (1 credit)
B-ANG-002: English (1 credit)
B-ANG-003: English (1 credit)
B-ANG-004: English (1 credit)
G-EPI-010: Extra Curricular Enga. (3 credits) (Note: 2 credits max. for an external thing, 3 if in-campus)
G-EPI-004: Promoting Epitech (1) (3 credits)


Kevin thinks things are very doable for everyone although hard work is required
